The Shen family lives in Shenchang Airport
There are members of Shenwuoya Airport Wentian City Chamber of Commerce
There must be all the properties of Shenwuoya Integrated Wentian City
Ten years of integrated Shenjiapu Ming Eternal Hotel 95% copies
1,50055%
The above is the second will of the Shen family
Once announced
The first will is annulled
How is that possible?
Dad is a crow, hasn't he been kicked out of the house?
Why can you still get the provincial capital rabies?
What the old guy said
Doesn't he believe what happened 5 years ago?
Right.
How can there be two wills?
Mr. Shen is here to protect everyone
The conditions for the publication of the second will are
Shen Wuya has the ability to avenge him
Isn't he capable of shit?
Are you mistaken?
Yeah, who says he can't get revenge?
Where are you?
I'm a good friend of Mr. Shen
Guo Canghai of Jiangnan General Chamber of Commerce
You are what the royal family fears
The big man behind my grandfather